Update maia-chat.md (#9002)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/mendix-ai-assistance/_index.md

For information on what third-party services Maia uses and what data are sent to the third-party services, see the [Maia Third-Party Services](#maia-third-party-services) section below.

## Maia Capabilities in Mendix Studio Pro 

In addition to Maia Chat, Maia in Mendix Studio Pro has the following capabilities: 

Guidance:

> * **Maia Chat** (generally available in Studio Pro 10.12.0 and the Mendix Portal) – a built-in chat interface powered by Generative AI in Studio Pro. It answers questions about app development in Mendix, including how to apply concepts, best practices, and development patterns. For more information, see [Maia Chat](/refguide/maia-chat/). 

Reviewer: I've added Maia Chat back to the list rather than having it as a separate section, because Maia Chat is part of Maia, and not a completely separate thing as it may seem if we place it as a top-level section.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove the Mendix Portal from here as we are now just talking about Studio Pro.
```suggestion
* **Maia Chat** (generally available in Studio Pro 10.12.0) – a built-in chat interface powered by Generative AI in Studio Pro. It answers questions about app development in Mendix, including how to apply concepts, best practices, and development patterns. For more information, see [Maia Chat](/refguide/maia-chat/). 
```

## Maia in Mendix Portal

> For more information on Maia in Mendix Portal, see the [Maia in Mendix Portal](/developerportal/global-navigation/#maia-mx-portal) section in *Global Navigation*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Various Maia features are available in Mendix Portal. For more information, see the [Maia in Mendix Portal](/developerportal/global-navigation/#maia-mx-portal) section in *Global Navigation*.
```
